Continue tweaking the Kubernetes agent docs for v3 (#3127)
OctopusDeploy/docs: src/pages/docs/kubernetes/targets/kubernetes-agent/storage.md

We offer two options for configuring the shared storage - you can use either the default ReadWriteOnce cluster default storage or specify a Storage Class name during setup:

:::figure
![Kubernetes Agent Wizard Config Page](/docs/img/infrastructure/deployment-targets/kubernetes/kubernetes-agent/kubernetes-agent-wizard-config.png)
:::

## Cluster default ReadWriteOnce

:::div{.info}
This is a new default in v3 of the Kubernetes agent
:::

By default, the Kubernetes agent will request the default storage class of the cluster and specify the `ReadWriteOnce` (also known as `RWO`) access mode. As each script pod needs access to the shared storage, this causes the script pods to be scheduled onto the same node as the main tentacle pod.

As a result, by default, the Kubernetes agent does not spread its work across multiple nodes, but performs all work on the same node.

This change was made from v2 due to reliability and security concerns with the previously default NFS storage.

## Custom StorageClass \{#custom-storage-class}

> If distribution of script pods across multiple nodes is desired, then you can specify your own `StorageClass`. This `StorageClass` must be capable of `ReadWriteMany` (also known as `RWX`) access mode.

Reviewer: Nit: consider also allowing documenting the use of a non-default RWO storage class. For example:
```suggestion
You may also provide an explicit `StorageClass` to use, if you wish. If the `StorageClass` supports `ReadWriteMany` (also known as `RWX`) as an access mode, the agent will be able to scale past a single node.
```
